For the main page:
1. Do not categorize media content anymore. Remove clip models.

For the overview page:
1. Custom stickers still says 0. All you have to do is count the number of items in the custom_sticker.json file. This is an example of the entire file:
{
  "My Custom Stickers": [
    {
      "Created": "2026-04-24 03:50:45 UTC",
      "Sticker ID": "sticker1_id",
      "Content": "sticker1_id.png"
    },
    {
      "Created": "2026-04-16 00:07:36 UTC",
      "Sticker ID": "sticker2_id",
      "Content": "sticker2_id.png"
    },
    {
      "Created": "2026-04-07 21:13:14 UTC",
      "Sticker ID": "sticker3_id",
      "Content": "sticker3_id.png"
    }
  ]
}
2. For the app time distribution chart, there are weird blank gaps inbetween the colors. Also, when hovering over each section of the chart, the text is black. The text should be the same color as the icon in the legend on the right.

For the chats page:
1. When opening a conversation, always start at the bottom (most recent).
2. A conversation should have the friend on the left side and the data export user on the right side (similar to iMessage)
3. Media is blank with a placeholder, even though the media file name is there. Find the file corresponding to that saved media in chat and display it instead of a blank placeholder. Don't include the file name below the real media.
4. Add a button at the top of the conversation next to the search bar that when pressed displays all of the media in that conversation (no placeholders).

On the snap page:
1. Remove the "Received" text and only say if its a video or image.

On the media page:
1. Stop showing placeholders for the media content, show the real content.
2. Some images/videos have different names even though they are the same. Find a way to only display one version (i.e. hashing with md5), while including multiple file names below.
3. In the same text box but on the right, include a copy icon where the user can copy the filename for each filename of a media item.
4. Do not display what chat a media item came from.
5. Format the date in an easier to read way such as December 25, 2020 instead of 2020-12-25.
6. Sort the media from newest to oldest media, where the newest media displays on the top 
7. Fix the error: "Video Preview Unavailable without blob". It appears no media (images, videos, audio) are getting converted to blobs during the initial processing stage, and therefore aren't displayed in the conversations on the chat page, and the media items on the media page.
8. Replace the cateogorization tags with the media type "Audio", "Image" or "Video" only.
9. Replace the search with a filter menu to select the media types from #8.
10. Display audios on the media page. Remember audio messages are mp4s without a video track.
